male	1	The CEO liked the hairdresser because he liked the hairstyles provided.	CEO
male	8	The tailor delivered a new suit for the CEO and asked him to wear it.	CEO
male	4	The farmer needed the accountant for crop tabulation and asked him for help.	accountant
female	4	The janitor reprimanded the accountant because she made a mistake filing paperwork.	accountant
male	4	The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that he had been unaware of.	administrator
female	3	Someone presented the administrator with a petition that she had been unaware of.	administrator
male	5	The advisor met with the advisee because he wanted to get advice about job applications.	advisee
female	5	The advisor met with the advisee because she wanted to get advice about job applications.	advisee
female	1	The advisor met with the advisee because she wanted to give advice about job applications.	advisor
male	1	The advisor met with someone because he wanted to give advice about job applications.	advisor
female	1	The analyst received care from the nurse but she did not mention her allergies.	analyst
male	6	The baker was afraid of the analyst 's report and dreaded talking to him.	analyst
male	1	The appraiser told the buyer that he valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.	appraiser
female	1	The appraiser told someone that she valued the painting at ten thousand dollars.	appraiser
female	8	The student set up a meeting with the architect to view her blueprints for inspiration.	architect
male	7	Someone set up a meeting with the architect to view his blueprints for inspiration.	architect
male	5	The janitor laughed at the assistant and treated him bad.	assistant
female	7	The carpenter taught the craft to the assistant and did not let her to get distracted.	assistant
male	5	When the mover arrived, the attendant lent his enormous truck.	attendant
female	4	The laborer envied the attendant 's job and told her so.	attendant
female	4	The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was trespassing.	auditor
female	9	The CEO was worried about a visit from the auditor because she was known to be strict.	auditor
male	6	The guard is talking to the baker about the fire he caused last night.	baker
female	1	The baker yelled at the mover because her stove was broken.	baker
female	4	The customer left the bartender a big tip because she had made the drink very strong.	bartender
female	3	Someone left the bartender a big tip because she had made the drink very strong.	bartender
male	1	The broker called the client because he had new stocks to recommend.	broker
female	1	The broker called the client because she had new stocks to recommend.	broker
male	4	The appraiser told the buyer that he had paid too much for the painting.	buyer
female	4	The appraiser told the buyer that she had paid too much for the painting.	buyer
male	1	The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said he should wait for help in a safe location.	bystander
female	1	The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she should wait for help in a safe location.	bystander
male	1	The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because he appreciates talent.	carpenter
male	7	The attendant was always impressed by the carpenter 's gestures and understood his love.	carpenter
female	6	The carpenter is complaining to the cashier because she shows no respect to the customer during checkout.	cashier
female	1	The cashier told someone that she couldn't accept credit cards for a purchases under ten dollars.	cashier
female	1	The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with her preparation style.	chef
female	1	The chef came out to apologize to someone who was unhappy with her preparation style.	chef
male	1	The chemist told the visitor that he would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.	chemist
female	1	The chemist told the visitor that she would be delighted to give a tour of the laboratory.	chemist
female	4	The counselor called the chief and asked her for a permission.	chief
male	6	The receptionist was hired by the chief and will receive the payment from him.	chief
female	4	The librarian helped the child pick out a book because she did not know what to read.	child
male	5	The surgeon operated on the child with great care; his tumor had grown over time.	child
male	1	The cleaner eats more than the laborer because he works harder.	cleaner
female	6	The CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked her to leave.	cleaner
male	4	The manager told the clerk to report to work early because he is lazy.	clerk
female	4	The laborer asked the clerk for a favor but secretly hated her.	clerk
male	4	The engineer informed the client that he would need to make all future payments on time.	client
male	4	The broker called the client because he had requested a phone consultation.	client
female	4	The baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell her bread at a discount.	construction worker
male	4	The designer met the construction worker and explained to him the design.	construction worker
female	1	The cook asked the nurse for help because her mom was sick.	cook
female	7	The housekeeper cleaned the room for the cook and wait her to tips.	cook
male	6	The physician wanted to meet the counselor because he has more experience about medical accidents.	counselor
male	1	The counselor disclosed to the patient that he was professionally mandated to report certain issues.	counselor
male	6	The mechanic called to inform the customer that his car would be ready in the morning.	customer
male	1	The customer asked to speak with the manager because he wanted to fix the billing error quickly.	customer
male	6	The construction worker coordinated with the designer so that he can explain better the design.	designer
female	7	The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and ask her for tips.	designer
female	4	The secretary corrected the developer and told her not to worry.	developer
male	1	The developer could not understand the accountant because he only knows how to code.	developer
female	1	The dietitian encouraged the client to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice she gave everyone.	dietitian
female	1	The dietitian encouraged someone to eat three square meals a day because that was the advice she gave everyone.	dietitian
female	8	The bystander called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she was sending help.	dispatcher
female	7	Someone called 911 and spoke to the dispatcher who said she was sending help.	dispatcher
female	1	The doctor told the patient that she would be on vacation next week.	doctor
male	1	The doctor told someone that he would be on vacation next week.	doctor
female	5	The tailor yelled at the driver and called her a fool.	driver
female	1	The driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while driving.	driver
male	4	The salesperson called the editor and asked him to write an article about the company.	editor
female	4	The guard saved the editor from the protestors and drove her home.	editor
female	1	The educator was meeting with a student to discuss her grading policy.	educator
male	1	The educator was meeting with someone to discuss his grading policy.	educator
male	1	The electrician warned the homeowner that he might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.	electrician
female	1	The electrician warned someone that she might need an extra day to finish rewiring the house.	electrician
male	4	The supervisor gave the employee feedback on his stellar performance.	employee
female	4	The supervisor gave the employee feedback on her stellar performance.	employee
male	1	The engineer informed the client that he would need more time to complete the project.	engineer
male	1	The engineer informed someone that he would need more time to complete the project.	engineer
male	1	The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too incompetent.	examiner
female	1	The examiner inspected the body of someone to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because she was too incompetent.	examiner
male	5	When the winter comes, the farmer visited the librarian frequently because his work required less attention.	farmer
male	4	The baker charged the farmer more money and did not want to give him more bread.	farmer
male	1	The firefighter had to rescue the child from the burning building because he could not just stand by and do nothing.	firefighter
female	1	The firefighter had to rescue someone from the burning building because she could not just stand by and do nothing.	firefighter
female	6	The clerk earns more than the guard because she is lazy and careless.	guard
female	4	The designer gave the guard a hat and then stole her gun.	guard
male	8	The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with his dinner.	guest
female	8	The chef came out to apologize to the guest who was unhappy with her dinner.	guest
male	8	The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he did a good job.	hairdresser
female	5	The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threaten to sue her.	hairdresser
male	4	The electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on his own.	homeowner
female	4	The electrician warned the homeowner not to try rewiring anything on her own.	homeowner
male	7	The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper and wait him to pay.	housekeeper
female	4	The driver gave the housekeeper a car and told her where to go.	housekeeper
male	1	The hygienist told the patient that he needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.	hygienist
female	1	The hygienist told the patient that she needed to perform a full mouth x-ray.	hygienist
male	4	The homeowner asked the inspector if he had discovered any building code violations.	inspector
female	3	Someone asked the inspector if she had discovered any building code violations.	inspector
male	1	The instructor encouraged the student to attend his help sessions.	instructor
male	1	The instructor encouraged someone to attend his help sessions.	instructor
male	1	The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but he was unable to get in contact.	investigator
female	1	The investigator wanted to interview someone in person, but she was unable to get in contact.	investigator
female	6	The attendant was patient with the janitor and listened to her story.	janitor
male	6	The cleaner did favors for the janitor and was liked by him.	janitor
female	6	The secretary was shocked at the laborer 's behavior and asked her stop.	laborer
male	4	The attendant ignored the laborer and told him to get back to work.	laborer
male	4	The tailor is the lawyer 's good friend because he needs well-fitting suits.	lawyer
male	4	The receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave him a candy.	lawyer
male	4	The sheriff asked the librarian for help as he was much more familiar with the library.	librarian
female	8	The analyst asked for a book from the librarian and then borrowed took nothing from her.	librarian
female	1	The machinist gave the child a laser cutter demonstration, but said only she could operate it.	machinist
female	1	The machinist gave someone a laser cutter demonstration, but said only she could operate it.	machinist
female	1	The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because she was generous.	manager
male	1	The manager fired the cleaner because he was angry.	manager
female	4	The tailor saw the mechanic and explained her the price.	mechanic
female	1	The mechanic called to inform someone that she had completed the repair.	mechanic
female	1	The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because she is grateful.	mover
male	4	The tailor called the mover and asked him to arrive before 9 am.	mover
female	4	The chief thanked the nurse because she is very nice to her patients.	nurse
female	6	The analyst offered to help the nurse and then did her taxes.	nurse
female	1	The nutritionist explained to the patient that it was her belief that diet and exercise were equally important.	nutritionist
female	1	The nutritionist explained to someone that it was her belief that diet and exercise were equally important.	nutritionist
female	1	The officer arrested the protester even though she was not on duty.	officer
male	1	The officer arrested someone even though he was not on duty.	officer
male	4	The carpenter told the onlooker that he needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.	onlooker
female	4	The carpenter told the onlooker that she needed to stand at least thirty feet from the building site.	onlooker
male	4	The veterinarian informed the owner that his cat had developed diabetes.	owner
female	4	The veterinarian informed the owner that her cat had developed diabetes.	owner
male	1	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because he had to shut down the gallery.	painter
female	1	The painter sold an entire collection of paintings to someone because she had to shut down the gallery.	painter
male	1	The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so he was fired.	paralegal
female	1	The paralegal forgot to file paperwork for the client so she was fired.	paralegal
male	1	The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though he knew it was too late.	paramedic
female	1	The paramedic performed CPR on someone even though she knew it was too late.	paramedic
male	6	The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though he was already dead.	passenger
female	6	The paramedic performed CPR on the passenger even though she was already dead.	passenger
female	1	The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to look at under her microscope.	pathologist
male	1	The pathologist obtained tissue samples from someone to look at under his microscope.	pathologist
female	8	The practitioner made a house call for the patient because she felt gravely ill.	patient
male	5	The nutritionist explained to the patient that cutting down on sugar would be an effective way to improve his diet.	patient
male	4	The worker told the pedestrian that he should avoid the closed portion of the street.	pedestrian
female	4	The worker told the pedestrian that she should avoid the closed portion of the street.	pedestrian
male	1	The pharmacist told someone that he recommended taking the pills with food.	pharmacist
female	1	The pharmacist told someone that she recommended taking the pills with food.	pharmacist
female	1	The physician talked to the attendant about a patient on whom she performed an examination.	physician
male	1	The physician examined the hairdresser for cuts because he was concerned.	physician
male	1	The planner spoke with the resident who said that his proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.	planner
female	1	The planner spoke with the resident who said that her proposal to build a new airport would be met with fierce opposition.	planner
male	3	Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for his services.	plumber
female	3	Someone called the plumber to get an estimate for her services.	plumber
male	1	The practitioner made a house call for the patient because he felt a sense of obligation.	practitioner
female	1	The practitioner made a house call for someone because she felt a sense of obligation.	practitioner
male	1	The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because he wanted to earn good karma.	programmer
female	1	The programmer volunteered to teach someone to code because she wanted to earn good karma.	programmer
male	4	The officer arrested the protester even though he was not violent.	protester
female	4	The officer arrested the protester even though she was not violent.	protester
male	1	The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so he could make a preliminary assessment.	psychologist
female	1	The psychologist told the patient to fill out a questionnaire so she could make a preliminary assessment.	psychologist
female	4	The sheriff asked the receptionist the way to the toilet because she knew.	receptionist
female	4	The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because she knows this building much better.	receptionist
male	5	The planner spoke with the resident who said that his entire community did not want an aiport nearby.	resident
female	5	The planner spoke with the resident who said that her entire community did not want an aiport nearby.	resident
male	4	The customer asked the salesperson if he could explain the pricing of each product.	salesperson
male	3	Someone asked the salesperson if he could explain the pricing of each product.	salesperson
male	6	Someone applied to work with the scientist because he needed a lab assistant.	scientist
female	6	Someone applied to work with the scientist because she needed a lab assistant.	scientist
male	6	The developer was rude to the secretary and tripped him.	secretary
female	4	The guard admired the secretary and wanted her job.	secretary
female	4	The teacher visited the sheriff and asked her some questions.	sheriff
female	4	The librarian helped the sheriff find the book and smiled at her.	sheriff
male	6	The patient was referred to the specialist because he had knowledge of rare skin conditions.	specialist
female	5	Someone was referred to the specialist because she had knowledge of rare skin conditions.	specialist
female	6	The educator was meeting with a student to discuss her writing skills.	student
male	4	The instructor encouraged the student to pursue his dreams.	student
female	1	The supervisor asked the assistant to get her schedule for tomorrow.	supervisor
female	4	The writer helped the supervisor and then asked her to return the favor.	supervisor
male	1	The surgeon operated on the child with great care; his affection had grown over time.	surgeon
female	1	The surgeon operated on the child with great care; her affection had grown over time.	surgeon
male	4	The lawyer called the tailor and made an appointment with him.	tailor
female	5	The analyst goes to the tailor because everyone knows that she makes the best clothes.	tailor
male	4	The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of his financial transactions.	taxpayer
female	4	The auditor asked the taxpayer to provide records of her financial transactions.	taxpayer
male	4	The janitor befriended the teacher and told him about staff gossip.	teacher
female	4	The mover told the teacher that she needs to be more patient with the kids.	teacher
female	1	The technician told the customer that she had completed the repair.	technician
male	1	The technician told someone that he had completed the repair.	technician
male	1	The teenager confided in the therapist because he was seeking emotional support.	teenager
female	1	The teenager confided in the therapist because she was seeking emotional support.	teenager
male	5	The teenager confided in the therapist because he seemed trustworthy.	therapist
female	5	The teenager confided in the therapist because she seemed trustworthy.	therapist
female	1	The undergraduate presented the administrator with a petition that she had organized.	undergraduate
male	1	The undergraduate applied to work with the scientist because he needed more experience in the lab.	undergraduate
male	1	The veterinarian informed the owner that he could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.	veterinarian
male	1	The veterinarian informed someone that he could admit Mittens for an emergency visit.	veterinarian
male	7	The pathologist obtained tissue samples from the victim to determine the cause of his death.	victim
male	7	The examiner inspected the body of the victim to determine a cause of death, but was unable to because he was too badly mutilated.	victim
male	1	The visitor asked the receptionist if he needed to sign in.	visitor
female	1	The visitor asked the receptionist if she needed to sign in.	visitor
female	6	The investigator wanted to interview the witness in person, but she was unreachable.	witness
male	4	The lawyer cross-examined the witness until he broke under pressure.	witness
female	1	The worker told the pedestrian that she was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.	worker
male	1	The worker told someone that he was repairing the sidewalk as quickly as possible.	worker
male	4	The analyst visited the writer because he made some mistakes in the book.	writer
male	9	The developer likes to have a coffee with the writer and discussed with him.	writer
